Add `willothy/wezterm.nvim` (#873)
rockerBOO/awesome-neovim: README.md

- [LoricAndre/OneTerm.nvim](https://github.com/LoricAndre/OneTerm.nvim) - Plugin framework for running commands in the terminal.
- [nikvdp/neomux](https://github.com/nikvdp/neomux) - Control Neovim from shells running inside Neovim.
- [willothy/flatten.nvim](https://github.com/willothy/flatten.nvim) - Open files from terminal buffers in your current Neovim instance instead of launching a nested instance.

> - [willothy/wezterm.nvim](https://github.com/willothy/.nvim) - Functions for interactive with Wezterm from within Neovim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [willothy/wezterm.nvim](https://github.com/willothy/.nvim) - Functions for interacting with Wezterm.
```

Author: Oops, not sure how I missed that lol
